STP-3353: Add info on changing BOS version to integration branch (#43)
Cray-HPE/docs-sat: docs/usage/change_bos_version.md

# Change the BOS Version

By default, SAT uses BOS `v1`. You can select the BOS version to use for
individual commands with the `--bos-version` option. For more information on
this option, see the man page for a specific command.

You can also configure the BOS version to use in the SAT config file.
Do this under the `api_version` setting in the `bos` section of the
config file.

1. Find the SAT config file at `~/.config/sat/sat.toml`, and look for a section
   like this:

   ```screen
   [bos]
   # api_version = "v1"
   ```

   In this example, SAT is using BOS version `"v1"`.

2. Change the line specifying the `api_version` to the BOS version desired (for
   example, `"v2"`).

   ```screen
   [bos]

>    # api_version = "v2"

Reviewer: I would second this. We should be very clear about what a commented-out line looks like and what happens in that case (SAT uses its internal default). We should be clear that the line must not be commented out (i.e. not begin with `#`) in order for it to take effect.

   ```

If the system is using an existing SAT config file from an older version of

> SAT, the `bos` section might not exist. Instead, you should add the `bos`

Reviewer: "Instead" sounds off to me following the first sentence because the first sentence is not describing an action the user should take. I like "in that case" better.

```suggestion
SAT, the `bos` section might not exist. In that case, you should add the `bos`
```
